# Thoughts

## Em, if I make you read this, bear with the beginning. The important part is further down.

Tumblr is a microblogging platform. I'm not sure whether I like or dislike that idea.

Let me start from the beginning. I created, at one point, a Blogger account. I made maybe 3 posts, then heavily ignored it. Several friends of mine and I started a blog for our group, the Useless Ninjas. We made one post about making a cheap hackintosh that found its way to several big blogs, before fading into a memory. Blogs seem to promote, to me, a kind of "mind vomit". We drop whatever we're thinking of at the moment into a post, in a fit of mental masturbation.

I've written a lot on Facebook, but it's so fleeting that what I write there doesn't really seem to matter. I avoid writing anything private or personal aside from what food I'm eating at the moment, and in doing so, don't post much of use.

My use of Twitter was minimal at best, it very quickly became something I didn't give a shit about. I helped kickstart App.net because the idea of an open network is incredibly attractive to me, but I used a card that couldn't be charged. Now that may fall through, and I'm pretty sure I'm glad. What does it add to my life? I don't need it for finding out things about things, I'm totally capable of doing just that with the iPhone in my pocket and mobile Safari or my laptop and the internet or IRC.

All these services are attempts to coalesce the constant information input I get from the internet and my friends. They try to get me to take all of my input and produce some output. The problem is, they make it either too hard, or I just don't stick to any one service, or there's no final benefit to doing it anyway. I read a lot of material each day… I use Google Reader to grab feeds from several different places. All I really end up doing is wasting time though. I keep up with an enormous amount of webcomics, and many tech bloggers. But the news I read, for the most part, doesn't really matter to me. It's nice to always know what's up in tech, and it makes me useful to people who have questions. However, if I spent a fraction of the time I do reading things in Reeder or reader.google.com working or bicycling or doing anything else, I feel like I'd be a much better person.

## Do I feel guilty about the information era?

I love staying on top of news, but how much do I really need? Should I stop reading tech bloggers? Should I bail from Facebook? That's my primary contact with humanity at the moment, aside from texting and meeting with people away from a keyboard (with a smartphone always near at hand). So I'll stay with Facebook. Like I had that choice to make… well played, Zuckerberg.

Many people do this thing, where they empty their reader and delete incoming feeds or completely abandon the internet. The fad was referred to as "minimalism", when it was really just trying to limit information input/output. I suppose I'm living minimally, but car insurance and a near 100 USD/month cell phone bill doesn't really sound that minimal. The "food/water/shelter" minimalism is very hard to do in this day and age. In fact, it's simply irresponsible. We have a responsibility to the world that let us live in it. I know it is possible for an individual to avoid that responsibility for the entirety of their life, but it's something of a lie that one lives. Someone else must be responsible for them in turn.

Parents often end up being forced into this responsible position. They are taken advantage of very often.

I blame my current apathy (the word I use for someone avoiding responsibility) on love. I refuse to shoulder responsibility because the person I love has taken it upon herself to allow my love to touch her sometimes. It's the best feeling, but also the worst. I rely on her acknowledgment utterly. When she throws me away finally, I'm not sure what I will do. I'm not sure how I will feel. I once told myself I'd give anything to have what I have now, but I still want more. I want her to love me back. I think she actually does, the same way I love her. I just think it doesn't feel the way she thinks it should.

I embarass her.

She doesn't love me.

I should never have gone down this path.

That is depression. Dark thoughts in late nights. I'm a thoughtful person; my thoughts are what shape me. So often, my thoughts lead to dark conclusions. I usually can avoid that kind of thinking, by being silly or egotistical. When I write or just think, however, I cannot avoid going down that path. I demand perfection from myself in my thoughts, and the real world erases or invalidates any example of perfection it finds.

I think of conversations I'd like to have with her, only to never air any of them. I'm afraid of them. I'm afraid she'll want to end it. I'm afraid she'll become mad at me. I'm afraid I'll hurt her. I'm afraid she won't understand. I'm afraid to even show her this document. I know a healthy relationship means two people that can tell each other ANYTHING. But there's always something you can't tell someone. There's always words that will hurt beyond any physical violence. And there's no way out. I fear to end it so much. I said I'd give anything. I would still give anything. I never realized anything included my right, or ability, to speak. Do I show her this? I'm sure it would create more problems than it fixes. I feel like she doesn't understand compromise sometimes. She's got to be right, just like I have to be right (the Miata? Am I wrong about that argument? When I tell her other people agree and think she's being overly… I can't think of the word. Anyway, any time I imply that, she gets enormously upset). Maybe I don't understand compromise?

What I've written looks like the diary of a madman. I start normally enough, just talking about blogging and the internet, then by about a thousand words, I'm depressed and thinking about horrible things. I was going to make this a tumblr post, a way to air some of my dirty laundry about our time. Also I was going to use it to think of some ways to help the WIMP group. I have time to do things, all I've given myself is time. But my time is running out. Really, it ran out a while ago, and I keep lying and carrying on as if nothing is wrong.

## The world owes me nothing.

I just wish the world would hand me a job and an income and a way to fix my poor other car. But it won't. I have to take a job and an income and parts _from_ the world.

I can't post this.

Can I show her this?

Should I?

I want to make myself do it.

I want that conversation to occur.

But will I lose her because of it?

That's not worth it.

Or is it?

Is that the right thing to do? She won't ever know I wrote this if I simply don't mention it. She won't know I started typing an hour ago and can't stop. She won't know my mind hurts. She won't know what I want. She probably doesn't care that much what I want. If I say she's got an egotistical, princess streak, I'm the bad guy. She probably even knows she does. We joke about it sometimes. But if I told her right out that she has to learn to lose sometimes, I feel like she'd bite my head off. That's not right in a relationship. If I imply that it probably had something to do with why her last relationship ended, things would get even worse. I talked to him after it, spent hours sitting and talking about it. He hides behind the same wall I do. He knows he needed to say things, but knows it was impossible. I wish he could have done it. I wish I could have been the one to have that conversation with her…

I need her. Any time I spend with her is another second in my "happy moment" bank. Even when we fight.

She likes to have me around, often. Not always. Because I'm stupid. Because I'm retarded. She tells me I am, often. Is that wrong? It's just part of the way I am. I don't make excuses for doing silly things. I make lots of bad decisions; on the order of being drunk. Leave my carbon fiber bike locked up in Davis and then drive a car a hundred miles away and leave it there for a week? FUCKING GENIUS. I beat myself up over doing dumb stuff more than she realizes, I think. It might have something to do with why I bleed so much. Why my bike crashes for no good reason. But maybe not. My mind has this mode where it's only partly engaged, and I can't get it all to come online. It's like sleep deprivation, or lack of nutrition, or being drunk, or stoned. Only it's not under my control, and not any one of the things I listed (usually).

I walk in front of galloping horses. I don't see them. I can't hear them, because I'm listening to music. The real world is great and all, but it could seriously use a constant soundtrack that wasn't just all "chirp chirp vrrt buzz zoom zoom".

I lack focus. I can't stick to most things for very long, and the things I do stick to usually aren't that useful. And if I do stick to something for a while, I can't often repeat it. This writing, for example. Like I said, I wrote a few blogger posts, then stopped. Dedication is lacking.

I love mountain biking, but I don't like the effort I have to expend to do it. Even though the effort is part of what I love about it. I kind of feel like I don't have the time to do it, but then I do shit like write 1744 (as of that number) word essays. I think it's more of a indecisiveness on my part. I could really grab mountain biking and get good at it. I could grab cars, and with a good enough job, get good at them. There's so many events going on all over the world all the time, but I've limited myself to such a small location.

Maybe I should stop complaining, and do something about it. Every time I've tried to "organize all the things", however, I've ended up fucking it up at some point. My room is a prime example. I clean it, but it always becomes a mess within a couple months (or weeks). I do the same with my life. I optimize it, only to have it fall apart again within a year or a month or a week. I realize now that school gives me a way to fixate a schedule, which lets the vicious cycle's periods lengthen (a "good thing"), as did a job I _had_ to go to every day. I quit pathserv to work for Barry. I'd count that a mistake, but at the time, I was sick of doing filing work. It also had other benefits… better pay, more flexible hours, and it let Rémy take over my position partly, which kept her in a job a lot longer than she would have been.

# I dislike dislike.

I just wrote about 2k words. I shouldn't have. I shouldn't show anyone. I just needed to get some think out. I'm going to ln -s this to my dropbox. It's important, but I don't just want to bury it and forget about it, because it _is_ important.
