# When, girl?!

## When did you know you were a girl?

There's something inherently wrong in asking that question that way.
And the reason why the question is not specific or correct enough when it's beeng asked of us, is because when it comes to anybody, any human being knows what they feel in terms of gender identity, basically as soon as they can begin to think. Sexual orientation is another trajectory, that is completely different than gender identity. Gender identity, and sexual orientation... now, these are two different things I'm talking about here, and so you might probably be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, what's Kaiya talking about? But, sexual orientation is something that most of us are familiar with.  Sexual orientation, basically is,  who do you like to have sex with? Basically, it's who you're attracted to... not necessarily as a means to procreate. And, gender identity is a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT trajectory. Gender identity, specifically is, your way of determining how you feel. Masculinely, or femininely, interns of your own expression, and in terms of how you see yourself, and how you would LIKE to see yourself in the world. And gender identity could fit in the gender binary, which is male or female. However, it doesn't always fit within that binary, it could in between a gender queer, or gender fluid, which is somebody who kinda goes back and forth. One thing that really hit me hard, when I came out as transgender, a little over 4 years ago, in 2010, I was with a cisgender woman (straight) at that time...  I was able to lead a "normal" male life, and the really interesting thing about coming out as transgender is, there's a lot of assumptions there. A lot of people see me now, and they see a highly feminine being. But they see me and they say, "well, you must have been gay your entire life. You must have been very feminine your entire life", and you know what they say, don't judge a book by it's cover. And thinking I was very feminine growing up would be just that, making assumptions about the experiences another human being goes through. Don't just judge somebody, based on the way they're speaking or look. Me growing up, I was hyper-masculine. Like, I was a dude-ly-dude (is that a word?). And, I mean maybe at one point, when I was very little, I was silly, I was a jokester, maybe a little effeminate, but, it was a very young age. I learned that, if a boy was to act effeminate, he would be called "gay", and when I was being eccentric, when I was being feminine, when I was being "gay" I didn't like the things that were being said to and about me. So, I learned very quickly, and at a young age, that I needed to change (how I acted, how I spoke, who I was). Changing WHO I WAS in order to appease everyone else, it deeply affects you... I remember, at one point in the height of my dude-lyness, I had just gotten out of high school, in which I had shaved my head every day. I had reached the point of "no dude return." I am an Eagle Scout. I was a black belt. I had sexual relations with some girlfriends. And nobody knew. A lot of people assumed I was completely straight, just "another guy". And I was very careful to build that image to everybody else. I knew that some closeted "gay" people would make fun of gay people to cover up the fact that they might have secretly been gay. I didn't even want people to think that, so I would occasionally even make gay jokes that would show that I was comfortable with being straight. In the LGBT community, before people come out, they pretend to be exactly the opposite. You know, this story is getting a little long-winded, but... we pause for a bit here...
