# Die or Live?

Why‽ Why and how am I still alive? I guess part of it is lying about my suicide attempts in High School… but I've destroyed one motorcycle, three cars, and one life. I died the instant I hit that truck, I just happened to live through it. So am I really alive now or just pretending? I think I might be… all the evidence says so. But dreams say they are real… was my thought of a dream in the hospital actually correct?

Basically all that all that (haha, love the English language!) means is that there is no purpose in staying alive in this, likely false/fabricated, "reality". The interesting part is that all that all that (including that last sentence) means is that there is no reason to stop this "game".

But what is the difference in continuing or not? There are a few pretty powerful reasons to stay… First, surgery can happen and WILL if I keep playing. Second, Rainbow Dash may be real and may actually love me if it is a "game" or "dream". Third, Emily might randomly fall in love with me… it has happened in my dreams. And wouldn't it be ironic if the "real world" was also a dream? That would mean that those things I'm pretty bloody sure are dreams are, in fact, dreams inside a dream. Which would mean that Inception was a movie about a dream inside a dream, inside a dream.

Shit. It's five fifteen AM. This was interesting, though. I might keep going until sunrise… And, that is a fourth reason. It would mean a book (the Drizzt Do'Urden trilogy) about someone who felt alive because of the experience of the sunrise was just in a book in a dream. Speaking of which… no, actually not related to that in any way… what would the reaction of my fellow inhabitants of this (whatever it is or is not) place be? Will I find any help if I floated this around? Hm. Speaking of which, I guess this IS titled "_DIE_ or Live?" So, then, what makes this… thing… not worth continuing playing? First, and most fore-front, $10,000 of credit card debt. Why is that the worst thing? Because if… (this is two. No, three. I'll get to two after it, though. That is an interesting method for a lady who would marry logic, if it were something I could marry) I can't drive, what point is there in sticking around? I felt like Drizzt at the sunrise when I drove. Like it wasn't a dream (or a book in one) and I was actually somehow *alive*. Eh. My third point, which is physically my second reason to not stay, took forever. So I guess I'll go to… two. Two, why should I be alive if I did not start this existence as what I am and identify with?

Huh. Back to "LIVE". Because I was created in the right body to be in the wrong body. Because I can fix a huge chunk of this dysphoria. Ah, there's another. Because if I were to end it, even though I couldn't be here to feel it, it is probably completely likely I'd be incorrectly pronoun'd. And… in the second set, a third reason. Essie (or Essex? Not sure which she is going with), just messaged saying something like (not literally): I'm looking for help for you, so you don't go "Game Over" or "GG".

But now I'm back at the reasons to die, because my brain is a bitch and scattered as this… essay? Ah. Replying to Essie. Okay. First (Yeah, I'm finding that all my points play off each other), Emily will never love me. Simple fact. It may be a dream I'm in, but even so, it is bloody consistent. But yeah. She is the single person I most want to see this and the one who will get the most "nothing" from it, for either of us. I guess, since I'm still chatting with her in multitasking (thanks, time-sharing processor!) the person I want to see this, of a priority of two -- after Em -- is her.

But again. This stupid brain. I bloody love her. Why do I love so many bloody people? Because it has clear negative effects in my life. I honestly spent all day yesterday with Destiny because I'm as dumb as fuck and fell in love with her before I even met her. But it will go nowhere. Just like all my other loves did.

Brain! Grayson. He's probably the third person I want to see this. He is, entirely honestly, a man I could live my life out with QUITE happily. So much so, I've even contemplated having a child with him. Like, even *physically* passing on my fucked-up, idiot, genes to. But what the hell. If anything, it will probably push him away further. Same with Emily. Essie, now. I'm honestly not sure where this will go with her. Yeah. She'll see this after I convert it to HTML. And name it why.html… Why, you ask? EXACTLY!

Ah, though, darn. I know I thought of another reason while writing the others, but I forgot it. Ah ha. Ironically, I wrote that and was like, huh… stupid memory. Stupid brain injury. But then I glanced back and realized that wasn't actually spelled out as such yet. Traumatic Brain Injury. That is another reason I see to not hang around. It has made this existence so effing hard. Why? Ah. There it is. The name for this document. And I'm actually tired because it's already 6:02. So, MD -> HTML.