# Life And Gender
"Everyone" wants to "fix" me. I can sort of see where they are coming from, but I suppose I should really say: "'Everyone' wants me to 'fix myself'"! No one has offered a viable way for me to do so; just pointed out all the ways I'm "wrong". I guess one would be correct in saying "I feel like I'm a victim". Of circumstance or my own "thoughts"/"decisions"/"delusions"/"WTVTF makes me myself ". But all the other people in the planet, it seems, hate when I "whine" or "act victimized". That is clear. But what keeps my mind in that belief? Is it all just "perceived slights"? Well, who is doing the perception? My "disaffected" brain that has (has had only "Yeah" I still have it) a Traumatic Brain Injury. & Everyone says "You can fix that". Can I? My "impulsion" to myself (to help myself?) is nigh negligible. If that is what it is called. I guess I would say "I feel like I'm a victim because all I see are people who are attacking who I AM". And yes, gender plays some role there. This backward world is still trying to learn how to treat trans people. But that is incredibly hard since most of them have no experience or understanding that I can compare to dysphoria. Kris pointed out that having a hard time conforming to gender roles but then doing it because "that is life" may point out… something? My thought off that is that I feel everyone must have had a hard time fulfilling the roles that were imposed on them, but thinking about that more it is probably not something everyone experiences. They just "conform mindlessly, effortlessly". I can't do that, but I can't explain why I feel better when I do that to the roles I perceive women have. And I can't explain why the things I see as "women's roles" are so misogynistic.
