# Story of Espeon

## — Chapter One —
## Espeon's Crush

It was one radiant day in Eeveelage. Birds were singing and the flowers were blooming like never before. The weather was absolutely spectacular this day!

"Oh, what a fantastic day!" exclaimed Espeon as she awoke.

"Oops, where did I leave my book about octopuses?" she wondered aloud.

She went out walking around the village, looking for her book, when she started in surprise. There was a new eeveelution in the village. She was by her friend Leafeon's store, so she walked over and asked Leafeon: "Who is that?"

"His name is Umbreon. He moved in at 17 Enterprise Court the other day!" they replied.

"Wow… He looks… so beautiful… I like him!" Espeon whispered to herself.

"What was that?" Leafeon inquired.

"Ah, nothing! I just remembered where I put my book! Talk to you later, and thanks for helping jog my memory!"

Leafeon looked at her and said: "No problem. You were always a bit of a silly one, Espeon… Anyway, have a great day. Not that I expect you not to; it's just incredible out today!"

Espeon nodded at Leafeon and retrieved her book, then returned home and put one cute blue bow on her neck, to show Umbreon how cute she was.

"Now I am ready to meet Umbreon!" said Espeon. She then proceeded to run over to Umbreon's house.

She decisively rapped on his door with a *knock-knock*, but the house remained quiet and nobody answered.

"Well… I guess I will go and search for him," she asserted.

Espeon searched the whole village until finally she found Umbreon.

"Hey Umbreon-…" Espeon's voice trailed off, as she saw Umbreon conversing animatedly with a beautiful Glaceon.

She flinched back… "Aw, I hope that's his sister… I really like him… I don't want to lose him already." said Espeon very quietly. She then retreated back to her house.

----

## — Chapter Two: —
## Espeon and Umbreon

As Espeon got back home, she realized she was feeling rather peckish.

She wandered into her kitchen, and got some berries out of her pantry.

While eating the berries, she stopped as her face stretched cutely in a *yawn*. "Ah. It's getting late. I am so sleepy… I guess I will just go to sleep…"

Espeon went to bed and slept, the whole time dreaming about Umbreon.

The next morning, Espeon woke up really happy. She got out of bed and climbed into her shower. "Morning showers really ARE the best!" she declared. She took a little shower. Feeling quite refreshed after that, she ran to Umbreon's house so they could finally have introductions.

*Knock-knock*

Espeon knocked on Umbreon's door. The door opened, displaying her lovely Umbreon.

"Oh, hello there." said Umbreon.

"H-Hi… I am Espeon. Nice to meet you!" said Espeon.

"Oh, are you my welcoming committee? Since I am new here… Would you please show me around the village?" inquired Umbreon.

"Oh! Of course! C-c-come! I will show you the sights of the village!" answered Espeon.
