{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red38\green38\blue38;\red152\green2\blue117;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs96 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
shelby munsch\
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://smuns.ch/"}}{\fldrslt
\fs32 \cf3 smuns.ch}}
\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://maps.google.com/?q=8005+Hansen+Ct+Sebastopol+CA"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 8005 hansen ct.\uc0\u8232 sebastopol ca 95472}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+1-707-636-4225"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 primary: (707) 636-4225}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+1-707-486-6128"}}{\fldrslt cell: (707) 486-6128}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Experience Summary:\
\
Flight.
\b0 Santa Rosa CA; 8/15 to 10/15, ongoing\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Freelance Web Design/Development:
\b0 Assisted in design and coding for websites using various web technologies, such as Drupal, Wordpress, Ruby on Rails and Jekyll. Done responsive design in all 4 technologies.\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Zenergy Works.
\b0  Sebastopol CA; 5/15 to 5/15\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Freelance Web Design/Development:
\b0 Assisted in design and coding for a website using various web technologies, including work on the Wordpress backend. Built themes for clients in Wordpress.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Twin Hills District.
\b0  Sebastopol CA; 1/15 to 2/15\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Computer Systems Technician:
\b0 Fix systems issues on PCs, Macs, and Chromebooks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Sonoma County Office of Education.
\b0  Santa Rosa CA; 6/13 to 11/13\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Desktop Support:
\b0  Worked with system imaging to deploy and maintain computers. Provide support for users. Help set up for presenters.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Monte Rio Union School District.
\b0  Monte Rio CA; 1/13 to 2/14\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Information Technologies:
\b0  Responsible for school Mac lab and classroom/staff PC systems management. Configured networking.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Sparx Computers.
\b0  Santa Rosa CA; 9/11 to present\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Programmer/Lead Design:
\b0  Branding and R&D for unreleased sites. Hardware maintenance. Server rack management.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
newskinmedia.com.
\b0  Sebastopol CA; 2/11 to 9/11\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Programmer:
\b0  Created individually customized sites for clients using SmugMug as a platform.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
WaccoBB.
\b0  Sebastopol CA; 10/06 to 3/07, 10/08 to 11/08, 10/10 to 2/11\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Intern:
\b0  Assisted in design and coding for a website using various web technologies, including work on the PHP/MySQL backend. Performed code modernization for core technology updates.\

\b Staff:
\b0  Set up ad server for multiple sites.\

\b Programmer:
\b0  Continued work on software upgrades and creation of a packaged advanced bulletin board software.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Pathology Services.
\b0  Sebastopol CA; 4/09 to 10/10\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 IT/Filing:
\b0  Performed upkeep of multiple servers and workstations in a small business setting (about 30 computers). Submitted computer systems upgrade proposal. Filed sensitive paperwork and microscopy slide samples.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Computer Recycling Center.
\b0  Santa Rosa CA; 6/08 to 8/08\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Computer Sales/Technician:
\b0  Repaired laptop and desktop computers for resale. Installed operating systems on both Macs and PCs. Sold computers and peripherals. Received and sorted electronics for recycling.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Solar Design Solutions.
\b0 Sebastopol CA; 3/08 to 6/08\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Intern:
\b0  Utilized Google Sketchup and TurboCAD 14 in 2D and 3D mock-ups of Photovoltaic systems. Designed and maintained a XHTML/CSS based website. Set up and maintained a multi-router Microsoft-based SOHO network. Performed all service/troubleshooting for computer systems. Created active Visual Basic MS Excel spreadsheets.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Analy High School.
\b0  Sebastopol CA; 9/04 to 6/07\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Student Technology Assistant:
\b0  Worked on PCs and Macs. Replaced power supplies, hard drives, graphics cards, and RAM in many computers. Helped clone PC lab. Set up iMacs and PCs. Set up systems to test Linux for possible use in a lab.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Marin Sierra.
\b0  Truckee CA; 7/04 to 8/04, 6/05 to 8/05\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Camp Staff:
\b0  Boy Scout summer camp. Taught pre-teens earning various nature Merit Badges. Gathered information and researched astronomy to better edify students.\

\b counselor in training:
\b0  Volunteer position.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Computer Consulting.
\b0  Sebastopol CA; ongoing\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 PC Maintenance:
\b0  OS installations and troubleshooting on PCs and Macs. Teach basic computer skills on both Macs and PCs.\
\
2007 High School Diploma, Analy High School, Sebastopol CA\
\
2007 Eagle Scout Rank achieved, Troop 27, Sebastopol CA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Other references available on request.
\b0 \
\

\b Liz Nix:
\b0 \
Web Production Director, Zenergy Works\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:liz@liznix.com"}}{\fldrslt
\b \cf4 liz@liznix.com}}
\b \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+1-707-636-4549"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 (707) 636-4549}}
\b0 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Melissa Geissinger:
\b0 \
WIMP President & COO\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:melissa@beawimp.org"}}{\fldrslt
\b \cf4 melissa@beawimp.org}}
\b \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+1-707-888-0225"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 (707) 888-0225}}}
